Add "Enabling Collaborative Editing" Yjs guide to the docs (#5505)
ianstormtaylor/slate: docs/general/resources.md

These pre-packaged editors are built on top of Slate, and can be helpful to see how you might structure your code:

- [Accord Project Markdown Editor](https://github.com/accordproject/web-components) is a WYSIWYG editor
  for [CommonMark](https://commonmark.org/).
- [Canner Editor](https://github.com/Canner/canner-slate-editor) is a rich text editor.
- [Chatterslate](https://github.com/chatterbugapp/chatterslate) helps teach language grammar and more
  at [Chatterbug](https://chatterbug.com).
- [CoCalc](https://github.com/sagemathinc/cocalc/) Collaborative Calculation editor in the Cloud
- [French Press Editor](https://github.com/roast-cms/french-press-editor) is a customizeable editor with offline
  support.
- [Nossas Editor](http://slate-editor.bonde.org/) is a drop-in WYSIWYG editor.
- [React Force Slate Editor](https://github.com/nareshbhatia/react-force/tree/master/packages/slate-editor) is a
  light-weight medium-style editor with no editor chrome.
- [React Page](https://github.com/react-page/react-page) is a self-contained, customizable inline WYSIWYG editor
  library.

> - [Slate Plugins Next](https://github.com/zbeyens/slate-plugins-next) provides an editor with configurable and

Reviewer: Not really relevant to your change, but might as well since I noticed how old this link is!

```suggestion
- [Plate (Plugins for Slate)](https://github.com/udecode/plate) provides an editor with configurable and
```

Author: Got it!
